Hello I'm super super excited because this is my favorite project of the entire course.
As a matter of fact I wish I could just do this over and over.
I'm telling you this project is going to wow you now.
It's one of these projects that initially it doesn't sound that exciting but I included it in our course
because I guarantee you you talk about this project to an employer and they're going to be impressed
with your knowledge.
It's an actual tool that I use day to day for security reasons and I'm really excited for us to build
this together by the end of it.
I promise you you're gonna be extremely happy with it.
OK maybe I'm a little bit overly excited about this kind of stuff but hey who knows maybe you will to
what we're going to build is a password checker but not just any silly dumb password checker.
This is legitimately going to be the most secure way for you to check if your password has ever been
hacked.
That's right.
So what's going to happen is we're gonna be able to type in our terminal Python 3 and then we'll have
a check my pass got pi file that we're going to write from scratch in here when we run this program
we're gonna be able to input any password that we have and check if it's ever been hacked.
Now we'll get into how this works and how we know a password has been hacked in the next video but just
to show you how this works.
If I say let's say hello as a password let's say if Hello has ever been hacked maybe passwords 1 2 3
and then a super tough password like this.
So it's going to be able to check as many passwords as we list here.
And if I hit enter it's actually going to check these passwords and we can see that.
Hello was actually found.
What is this.
Two hundred and fifty three thousand five hundred and eighty one times so it's been hacked that many
times so you definitely shouldn't use this password password.
One two three as we can guess.
Yeah you shouldn't use that password.
What about this one this gibberish password.
This password has actually never been found.
So you should carry on and use this password over the next couple of videos.
We're going to build this tool a tool that you can actually use in real life to check if your password
is secure.
Now how does this work.
Let's explore that in the next video.